1;Americano;Mix the ingredients directly in old fashioned glass filled with ice cubes. Add Soda Water. Garnish with half orange slice and lemon peel.;
2;B-52;Layer ingredients one at a time into a shooter glass first with Kahlua, followed by Bailey's and top with Grand Marnier. Flame the Grand Marnier and serve the B52 while the flame is on.;
3;Bacardi Cocktail;Pour all ingredients into shaker with ice cubes, shake well, strain into chilled cocktail glass.;
4;Banana Daiquiri;Pour all ingredients, with half fresh banana, into blender with crushed ice, blend until slushy. Pour into chilled goblet.;
5;Bellini;Pour peach puree into chilled flute, add gently chilled sparkling wine (white). Stir gently. Garnish with slice of peach.;
6;Black Russian;Pour the ingredients into the old fashioned glass filled with ice cubes. Stir gently.;
7;Bloody Mary;Add dashes of Worchestershire Sauce, Tabasco , salt and pepper into highball glass, then pour all ingredients into highball with ice cubes. Stir gently. Garnish with Celery Salt and lemon wedge (optional);
8;Brandy Alexander;Pour all ingredients into shaker with ice cubes, shake well, strain into chilled cocktail glass . Sprinkle with fresh ground nutmeg.;
9;Brandy Egg Nog;Pour all ingredients into shaker with ice cubes, shake well. Strain into a highball with ice cubes. Sprinkle with fresh ground nutmeg.;
10;Bronx;Pour into shaker all ingredients with ice cubes, shake well. Strain in chilled cocktail or martini glass.;
11;Bucks Fizz;Pour orange juice into flute and gently pour Champagne or Dry Sparkling Wine. Stir gently. Garnish with orange twist (optional) ;
12;Bull Shot;Pour all ingredients directly into highball with ice cubes, add several dashes of Worchestershire Sauce, Tabasco, Salt and Pepper. Stir the ingredients. Garnish with Celery Salt. (Note: May be served hot in cold weather).;
13;Caipirinha;Place lime and sugar into old fashioned glass & muddle. Filled glass with ice and add Cachaca. (Note: Caipiroska - instead of Cachaca use Vodka);
14;Champagne Cocktail;Add two dashes Angostura Bitter into flute, and one half sugar cube. Pour gently chilled champagne. Garnish with orange slice and maraschino cherry.;
15;Cosmopolitan;Add all ingredients into cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake well and strain into large cocktail glass. Garnish with lime slice.;
16;Cuba Libre;Build all ingredients in a highball glass filled with ice. Garnish with lime wedge.;
17;Daiquiri;Pour all ingredients into shaker with ice cubes. Shake well. Strain in chilled cocktail glass.;
18;Frozen Daiquiri;Pour all ingredients into blender with crushed ice. Blend until slushy and smooth and pour into chilled goblet.;
19;French Connection;Pour all ingredients directly into old fashioned with ice cubes. Stir gently.;
20;Gibson;Pour gin and vermouth into mixing glass with ice cubes. Stir well and strain into a chilled martini glass. Garnish with silverskin onion.;
21;Gin Fizz;Shake all ingredients with ice cubes, except soda water. Pour into highball glass. Top with Soda water.;
22;Godfather;Pour all ingredients directly into old fashioned glass filled with ice cubes.;
23;Godmother;Pour all ingredients directly in old fashioned glass filled with ice cubes.;
24;Golden Cadillac;Pour all ingredients into shaker filled with ice. Shake briskly for few seconds. Strain into chilled cocktail glass.;
25;Golden Dream;Pour all ingredients into shaker filled with ice. Shake briskly for few seconds. Strain into chilled cocktail glass.;
26;GrassHopper;Pour all ingredients into shaker filled with ice. Shake briskly for few seconds. Strain into chilled cocktail glass.;
27;Harvey Wallbanger;Pour vodka and orange juice directly into highball, filled with ice cubes, stir gently, add (float) Liquore Galliano on the top . Garnish with orange slice and maraschino cherry.;
28;Horses Neck;Pour brandy and ginger ale directly into highball glass with ice cubes. Stir gently. Garnish with rind of one lemon spiral. If required, add dashes of Angostura Bitter.;
29;Irish Coffee;The date that the Irish discovered America is lost in the mists of time, but the date that America discovered Irish coffee is clear as clear: It happened in San Francisco, Nov. 10, 1952.;
30;Japanese Slipper;Add all ingredients into cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake well and strain into cocktail glass. . Garnish with a slice of honeydew melon. ;
31;John Collins;Pour all ingredients directly into highball filled with ice. Stir gently. Garnish with lemon slice and maraschino cherry. Add dash of Angostura bitter. (Note: Use \"Old Tom\" Gin for Tom Collins).;
32;Kamikaze;Add all ingredients into cocktail glass shaker filled with ice. Shake well and strain into cocktail glass. . Garnish with a lime wedge and stirrer.;
33;Kir;Pour Creme de Cassis into flute glass, top up with white wine.;
34;Kir Royal;Pour Creme de Cassis into flute glass, top up with Champagne.;
35;Long Island Iced Tea;Add all ingredients into highball glass filled with ice. Stir gently. Garnish with lemon spiral. Serve with straw.;
36;Mai-Tai;Add all ingredients except dark rum into cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake well and strain into highball galss. Float dark rum, garnish with pineapple spear and lime peel. Serve with straw.;
37;Manhattan;Pour all ingredients into mixing glass with ice cubes. Stir well. Strain into chilled martini or cocktail glass. Garnish with maraschino cherry.;
38;Manhattan Dry; Pour all ingredients into mixing glass with ice cubes. Stir well. Strain in chilled martini or cocktail glass. Garnish with lemon twist.;
39;Manhattan Perfect;Pour all ingredients into mixing glass with ice cubes. Stir well. Strain in chilled martini or cocktail glass. Garnish with maraschino cherry and lemon twist.;
40;Margarita;Pour all ingredients into shaker with ice cubes. Shake well. Strain into chilled cocktail glass rimmed with crusted salt. (Fruit Margarita - blend selected fruit with the above recipe).;
41;Martini Dry;Pour all ingredients into mixing glass with ice cubes. Stir well Strain in chilled martini cocktail glass. Squeeze oil from lemon peel onto the drink, or garnish with olive. (Vodka Martini - replace gin with vodka);
42;Martini Perfect;Pour all ingredients into mixing glass with ice cubes. Stir well. Strain in chilled martini glass. Garnish with lemon peel and, or, maraschino cherry.;
43;Martini Sweet;Pour all ingredients into mixing glass with ice cubes. Stir well. Strain in chilled martini glass. If served \"On the rocks\", pour ingredients and ice into old fashioned glass. Garnish with maraschino cherry.;
44;Martini Vodka;Pour all ingredients into mixing glass with ice cubes. Stir well. Strain into martini glass. Squeeze oil from lemon peel onto the drink. Optional garnish: green olive.;
45;Mimosa;Pour orange juice into flute and gently pour sparkling wine. Stir gently. Garnish with orange twist (optional);
46;Mojito;Muddle mint sprigs with sugar and lime juice. Add rum and top with soda water. Garnish with sprig of mint leaves. Serve with straw.;
47;Negroni;Pour all ingredients directly into old fashioned glass filled with ice. Stir gently. Garnish with half orange slice and stirer. Optional : Splash of Soda Water.;
48;Old Fashioned;Place suger cube in old fashioned glass and saturate with bitter, as a dash of soda water. Muddle until dissolve. Fill the glass with ice cubes and add whisky. Garnish with orange slice, lemon twist and two maraschino cherries.;
49;Orgasm;Build all ingredients over ice in a old fashioned glass or shot glass. Garnish with cherry.;
50;Paradise;Pour all ingredients into cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake briskly for few seconds. Strain into chilled cocktail glass.;
51;Pina Colada;Pour all ingredients into blender or shaker with crushed ice. Blend or shake until smooth. Pour into chilled glass. Garnish with pineapple wedge and maraschino cherry and straw.;
52;Planters Punch;Pour all ingredients into shaker filled with ice. Shake well. Pour into highball with ice. Top up with Soda water. Stir gently and add a dash of Angostura bitters. Garnish with lemon and orange slices.;
53;Porto Flip;Pour all ingredients into cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake well. Strain into cocktail glass. Sprinkle with fresh ground nutmeg.;
54;Rob Roy; Pour all ingredients into mixing glass with ice cubes. Stir well. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with maraschino cherry .;
55;Rose;Pour all ingredients into mixing glass with filled ice. Stir well. Strain into chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with maraschino cherry.;
56;Rusty Nail;Pour all ingredients directly into old fashioned glass filled with ice. Stir gently. Garnish with lemon twist.;
57;Salty Dog;Shake vodka and grapefruit juice in cocktail shaker. Strain into a salt rimmed highball glass filled with ice.;
58;Screwdriver;Pour all ingredients directly into highball glass filled with ice. Stir gently. Garnish with orange slice.;
59;Sea-Breeze;Build all ingredients in a highball glass filled with ice. Garnish with lime wedge.;
60;Sex on the Beach;Pour all ingredients into shaker. Shake and pour into a highball glass filled with ice. Garnish with orange slice.;
61;Singapore Sling;Pour all ingredients into cocktail shaker filled with ice cubes. Shake well. Strain into highball glass. Garnish with pineapple and maraschino cherry.;
62;Tequila Sunrise;Pour tequila and orange juice directly into highball with ice cubes. Add a splash of Grenadine syrup to create chromatic effect (sunrise), do not stir. Garnish with orange slice and cherry, straw and stirrer.;
64;Whiskey Sour;Pour all ingredients into cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake well. Strain in old fashioned or cobbler glass. If served \"On the rocks\", strain ingredients into old fashioned glass filled with ice. Garnish with half orange slice and maraschino cherry.;
65;White Russian;Pour coffee liqueur and vodka directly into old fashioned glass filled with ice. Float fresh cream on the top and stir in slowly.;
